Documentation xtractmime (#7)
scrapy/xtractmime: README.md

# xtractmime

`xtractmime` is a [BSD-licensed](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)
Python 3.6+ implementation of the [MIME Sniffing
Standard](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/).

Install from [`PyPI`](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/xtractmime):

```
pip install xtractmime
```

---

## Basic usage

Below mentioned are some simple examples of using `xtractmime.extract_mime`:

> ```python
> >>> from xtractmime import extract_mime
> >>> body = b"Sample text content"
> >>> extract_mime(body)
> b'text/plain'
> >>>
> ```
> 
> ```python
> >>> from xtractmime import extract_mime
> >>> content_types = (b'text/html',)
> >>> body = b''
> >>> extract_mime(body, content_types=content_types)
> b'text/html'
> >>> 
> ```

Reviewer: Try to minimize code as long as it does not negatively affect readability. Also, keep a consistent style (e.g. same type of quotes for strings).

````suggestion
```python
>>> from xtractmime import extract_mime
>>> extract_mime(b'Sample text content')
b'text/plain'
>>> extract_mime(b'', content_types=(b'text/html',))
b'text/html'
```
````

> Additional functionality to check if a mime type belongs to a specific mime type group using 
> methods mentioned in `xtractmime.mimegroups`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional functionality to check if a MIME type belongs to a specific MIME type group using 
methods mentioned in `xtractmime.mimegroups`:
```

> ```python
> >>> from xtractmime.mimegroups import *
> >>> mime_type = b'text/html'
> >>> is_html_mime_type(mime_type)
> True
> >>> is_image_mime_type(mime_type)
> False
> >>>
> ```

Reviewer: Do not suggest [bad practices](https://stackoverflow.com/q/2386714) in the documentation :slightly_smiling_face: 

````suggestion
```python
>>> from xtractmime.mimegroups import is_html_mime_type, is_image_mime_type
>>> mime_type = b'text/html'
>>> is_html_mime_type(mime_type)
True
>>> is_image_mime_type(mime_type)
False
```
````

Author: 😮 sorry

---

## API Reference

### function `xtractmime.extract_mime : Optional[bytes]`

Return `mimetype` as a byte string if the byte sequence in the provided content is recognized by `xtractmime`

> else return `None`

Reviewer: `mimetype` is an implementation detail, the name of a variable used internally. Do not mention it in the documentation.

You also do not need to mention data types if they are already clear from the context (signature, parameters).

Make sure it is clear what the format of the output is, beyond the data type. For example, “Return the [MIME type essence](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#mime-type-essence)” (link included) should make it clear that the returned bytes contain a MIME type in the form `<type>/<subtype>`. You could also follow with an example, to help people better understand the definition of the standard (or allow them not to read it in the first place): “(e.g. `text/html`)”.

#### Parameters

* `body: bytes`
* `content_types: Optional[Tuple[bytes]], default = None`
* `http_origin: bool, default = True`
* `no_sniff: bool, default = False`
* `extra_types: Optional[Tuple[Tuple[bytes, bytes, Optional[Set[bytes]], bytes], ...]], default = None`

> * `supported_types: Set[bytes], default = None`

Reviewer: The function parameters should be before the description, since the description usually only makes sense after you know the accepted parameters.

I also suggest avoiding using a header for the parameters section. You can just precede them by “Parameters:”.

# xtractmime

`xtractmime` is a [BSD-licensed](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)
Python 3.6+ implementation of the [MIME Sniffing
Standard](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/).

Install from [`PyPI`](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/xtractmime):

```
pip install xtractmime
```

---

## Basic usage

Below mentioned are some simple examples of using `xtractmime.extract_mime`:

```python
>>> from xtractmime import extract_mime
>>> extract_mime(b'Sample text content')
b'text/plain'
>>> extract_mime(b'', content_types=(b'text/html',))
b'text/html'
```

Additional functionality to check if a MIME type belongs to a specific MIME type group using 

> methods mentioned in `xtractmime.mimegroups`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
methods included in `xtractmime.mimegroups`:
```

```python
>>> from xtractmime.mimegroups import is_html_mime_type, is_image_mime_type
>>> mime_type = b'text/html'
>>> is_html_mime_type(mime_type)
True
>>> is_image_mime_type(mime_type)
False
```

---

## API Reference

> ### function `xtractmime.extract_mime : Optional[bytes]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### function `xtractmime.extract_mime(*args, **kwargs) -> Optional[bytes]`
```

**Parameters:**

* `body: bytes`
* `content_types: Optional[Tuple[bytes]], default = None`
* `http_origin: bool, default = True`
* `no_sniff: bool, default = False`
* `extra_types: Optional[Tuple[Tuple[bytes, bytes, Optional[Set[bytes]], bytes], ...]], default = None`

> * `supported_types: Set[bytes], default = None`

Reviewer 2: No need for the `, default` part, e.g. `content_types: Optional[Tuple[bytes]] = None` should be enough.

Also, I wonder why the typing check does not see this, but the type for `supported_types` should be `Optional[Set[bytes]]`. This would need an update to the code as well.

Author: > Also, I wonder why the typing check does not see this, but the type for `supported_types` should be `Optional[Set[bytes]]`. This would need an update to the code as well.

I had a doubt on this earlier but the typing checks were passing so I didn't mention it. It is still passing though after changing it to `Optional[Set[bytes]]`

Return the [MIME type essence](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#mime-type-essence) (e.g. `text/html`) matching the input data, or 
`None` if no match can be found.

The `body` parameter is the byte sequence of which MIME type is to be determined. `xtractmime` only considers the first few
bytes of the `body` and the specific number of bytes read is defined in the `xtractmime.RESOURCE_HEADER_BUFFER_LENGTH` constant.

> `content_types` is a tuple of MIME types given in the resource metadata. For resources retrieved via HTTP, users should pass the list of MIME types mentioned in `Content-Type` header. Otherwise pass the MIME type indicated for the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`content_types` is a tuple of MIME types given in the resource metadata. For example, for resources retrieved via HTTP, users should pass the list of MIME types mentioned in the `Content-Type` header.
```

`http_origin` indicates if the resource has been retrieved via HTTP (`True`, default) or not (`False`).

`no_sniff` is a flag which is *`True`* if the user agent does not wish to
perform sniffing on the resource and *`False`* (by default) otherwise. Users may want to set
this parameter to *`True`* if the [`X-Content-Type-Options`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Content-Type-Options) response header is set to `nosniff`. For more info, see [here](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#no-sniff-flag).

> Optional `supported_types` is a set of all [MIME types supported the by user agent](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#supported-by-the-user-agent) and if `supported_types` is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional `supported_types` is a set of all [MIME types supported the by user agent](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#supported-by-the-user-agent). If `supported_types` is not
```

> specified, all MIME types are assumed to be supported. Using this parameter can improve the performance of `xtractmime`.

Reviewer 2: Can we move this to the end, to match the argument order from the function?

`extra_types` is a tuple of patterns to support detecting additional MIME types. Each entry in the tuple should follow the format

> **(Byte Pattern, Pattern Mask, Leading Bytes, MIME type)**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**(Byte Pattern, Pattern Mask, Leading Bytes, MIME type)**:
```

* **Byte Pattern** is a byte sequence to compare with the first few bytes (``xtractmime.RESOURCE_HEADER_BUFFER_LENGTH``) of the `body`.
* **Pattern Mask** is a byte sequence that indicates the significance of **Byte Pattern** bytes: `b"\xff"` indicates the matching byte is strictly significant, `b"\xdf"` indicates that the byte is significant in an ASCII case-insensitive way, and `b"\x00"` indicates that the byte is not significant.
* **Leading Bytes** is a set of bytes to be ignored while matching the leading bytes in the content.
* **MIME type** should be returned if the pattern matches.

**Sample `extra_types`:**
```python

> extra_types = ((b'test', b'\xff\xff\xff\xff', None, b'text/test'),...)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
extra_types = ((b'test', b'\xff\xff\xff\xff', None, b'text/test'), ...)
```

```

---
**NOTE**

> *Users should be careful while using `extra_types` argument as it may introduce some privilege escalation vulnerabilities for `xtractmime`. For more info, see [here](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#ref-for-mime-type%E2%91%A1%E2%91%A8).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Be careful while using the `extra_types` argument, as it may introduce some privilege escalation vulnerabilities for `xtractmime`. For more info, see [here](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#ref-for-mime-type%E2%91%A1%E2%91%A8).*
```

---

### function `xtractmime.is_binary_data(input_bytes: bytes) -> bool`

> Return *`True`* if the provided byte sequence contains any binary data bytes else *`False`*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return *`True`* if the provided byte sequence contains any binary data bytes, else *`False`*
```

 
### MIME type group functions

The following functions return `True` if a given MIME type belongs to a certain 
[MIME type group](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#mime-type-groups), or 
`False` otherwise:
```

> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_image_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_audio_video_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_font_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_zip_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_archive_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_xml_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_html_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_scriptable_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_javascript_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
> xtractmime.mimegroups.is_json_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_archive_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_audio_video_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_font_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_html_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_image_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_javascript_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_json_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_scriptable_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_xml_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_zip_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
```
Simply sorting alphabetically

b'text/html'
```

Additional functionality to check if a MIME type belongs to a specific MIME type group using 
methods mentioned in `xtractmime.mimegroups`:

```python
>>> from xtractmime.mimegroups import is_html_mime_type, is_image_mime_type
>>> mime_type = b'text/html'
>>> is_html_mime_type(mime_type)
True
>>> is_image_mime_type(mime_type)
False
```

---

## API Reference

### function `xtractmime.extract_mime : Optional[bytes]`
**Parameters:**

* `body: bytes`
* `content_types: Optional[Tuple[bytes]], default = None`
* `http_origin: bool, default = True`
* `no_sniff: bool, default = False`
* `extra_types: Optional[Tuple[Tuple[bytes, bytes, Optional[Set[bytes]], bytes], ...]], default = None`
* `supported_types: Set[bytes], default = None`

Return the [MIME type essence](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#mime-type-essence) (e.g. `text/html`) matching the input data, or 
`None` if no match can be found.

The `body` parameter is the byte sequence of which MIME type is to be determined. `xtractmime` only consider first few
bytes of the `body` and the specific number of bytes read is defined in the `xtractmime.RESOURCE_HEADER_BUFFER_LENGTH` constant.

> Optional `content_types` argument is a tuple of mime types suitable for using as a `Content-Type` header.
> For the cases where the format of the content is unrecognizable for `xtractmime`, it will return
> the last mime type in the provided tuple of mime types.

Reviewer: “Optional” is already indicated in the parameters signature, so it does not add much here. With code formatting and after the parameters signature, we should also be able to refer to parameters by name directly, without mentionign they are arguments.

```suggestion
`content_types` is a tuple of MIME types suitable for using as a `Content-Type` header.
For the cases where the format of the content is unrecognizable for `xtractmime`, it will return
the last mime type in the provided tuple of mime types.
```

Also, we should not make this about the `Content-Type` headers. We should indicate that, for resources retrieved via HTTP, this should be the list of MIME types indicated in the `Content-Type` response header. However, for a file system or other protocols (e.g. FTP) this should contain whatever MIME type those indicated for the resource.

Author: > Also, we should not make this about the `Content-Type` headers. We should indicate that, for resources retrieved via HTTP, this should be the list of MIME types indicated in the `Content-Type` response header. However, for a file system or other protocols (e.g. FTP) this should contain whatever MIME type those indicated for the resource.

Right, currently it seems that the argument is particular to `Content-Type` header. Maybe we can change to this
> `content_types` is a tuple of MIME types given in the resource metadata and can be used as a
`Content-Type` header for the responses retrieved via HTTP. For the cases where the format of the content is unrecognizable for `xtractmime`, it will return the last MIME type in the provided tuple of mime types.

Reviewer: > […] can be used as a `Content-Type` header for the responses retrieved via HTTP.

This part does not sound right to me. It sounds like the parameter to `xtractmime` can be used to build a response header, but it should sound more like you can use a response header to build a parameter for `xtractmime`.

> For the cases where the format of the content is unrecognizable for `xtractmime`, it will return the last MIME type in the provided tuple of MIME types.

I think we should omit this information altogether, as it is an implementation detail that users should not rely on. For example, if because of this note users pass only the last value (since the other values will not be used at all), if in the future the standard changes to take only the last type that is valid, or that is not known to the standard, then we have an issue.

> Optional `http_origin` argument is a flag to determine if the resource is retrieved via HTTP or not.
> `http_origin` is *`True`* (by default) for HTTP responses else *`False`*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`http_origin` indicates if the resource has been retrieved via HTTP (`True`, default) or not (`False`).
```

Optional `no_sniff` argument is a flag which is *`True`* if the user agent does not wish to
perform sniffing on the resource and *`False`* (by default) otherwise. Users may want to set
this parameter to *`True`* if the [`X-Content-Type-Options`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Content-Type-Options) response header is set to `nosniff`. For more info, please refer [here](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#no-sniff-flag).

Optional `supported_types` argument is a set of all [MIME types supported by user agent](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#supported-by-the-user-agent) and if `supported_types` is not
specified, all MIME types are assumed to be supported. Using this parameter can improve the performance of `xtractmime`.

> Optional `extra_types` argument is a tuple which users may implicitly pass to `xtractmime` for considering additional MIME types
> in determining the MIME type of the provided content. Each entry in the tuple should follow the format
> **(Byte Pattern, Pattern Mask, Leading Bytes, MIME type)**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`extra_types` is a tuple of patterns to support detecting additional MIME types. Each entry in the tuple should follow the format
**(Byte Pattern, Pattern Mask, Leading Bytes, MIME type)**. 
```

> * **Byte Pattern** is a byte sequence used as a template to be matched against in the pattern matching algorithm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Byte Pattern** is a byte sequence to compare with the first few bytes (``xtractmime.RESOURCE_HEADER_BUFFER_LENGTH``) of the `body`.
```

> * **Pattern Mask** is a byte sequence used to determine the significance of bytes being compared against a byte pattern in the pattern matching algorithm.
> 
> ---
> **NOTE**
> 
> In a **Pattern Mask**, `b"\xff"` indicates the byte is strictly significant, `b"\xdf"` indicates that the byte is significant in an ASCII case-insensitive way, and `b"\x00"` indicates that the byte is not significant. 
> 
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Pattern Mask** is a byte sequence that indicates the significance of **Byte Pattern** bytes: `b"\xff"` indicates the matching byte is strictly significant, `b"\xdf"` indicates that the byte is significant in an ASCII case-insensitive way, and `b"\x00"` indicates that the byte is not significant.
```

b'text/html'
```

Optional `extra_types` argument is a tuple which users may implicitly pass to `xtractmime` for considering additional MIME types
in determining the MIME type of the provided content. Each entry in the tuple should follow the format
**(Byte Pattern, Pattern Mask, Leading Bytes, MIME type)**

* **Byte Pattern** is a byte sequence used as a template to be matched against in the pattern matching algorithm. 
* **Pattern Mask** is a byte sequence used to determine the significance of bytes being compared against a byte pattern in the pattern matching algorithm.
* **Leading Bytes** is set of bytes to be ignored while matching the leading bytes in the content.

---
**NOTE**

In a pattern mask, `0xFF` indicates the byte is strictly significant, `OxDF` indicates that the byte is significant in an ASCII case-insensitive way, and 0x00 indicates that the byte is not significant. 

---

**Example using `extra_types` argument:**
```python
>>> from xtractmime import extract_mime
>>> extra_types = ((b'test', b'\xff\xff\xff\xff', None, b'text/test'),)
>>> extract_mime(b'test', extra_types=extra_types)
b'text/test'
>>> extract_mime(b"test")
b'text/plain'
```

> Optional `supported_types` argument is a set of MIME types that are supported by the user agent.

Reviewer: Here we need to clarify that the argument is not _a_ set of supported MIME types, but the set of _all_ supported MIME types, possibly with a link to https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#supported-by-the-user-agent, which defines what a supported MIME type entails. And similarly, clarify that, if no supported types are specified, all MIME types are assumed to be supported.

Also, I think that we should give users a reason to use this option. We should not get into implementation details, but I think it would be safe to indicate that using this parameter _can_ improve xtractmime performance.

**Example using `supported_types` argument:**
```python
>>> from xtractmime import extract_mime
>>> content_types = (b'image/gif',)
>>> supported_types = (b'image/gif',)
>>> extract_mime(b'GIF87a', content_types=content_types, supported_types=supported_types)
b'image/gif'
>>> supported_types = (b'audio/mpeg',)
>>> extract_mime(b'GIF87a', content_types=content_types, supported_types=supported_types)
b'image/gif'
```

> ### function `xtractmime._find_unknown_mimetype : Optional[bytes]`

Reviewer: This is a private method. Private API members must not be documented.

### function `xtractmime._sniff_mislabled_binary : Optional[bytes]`
**Parameters:**

* `input_bytes: bytes`

Return a text or a binary MIME type essence. The function determines whether a binary resource has been mislabeled as plain text.
The function is related to a bug in some older installations of *Apache* that causes the provided byte sequences to supply
one of the *Content-Type* headers mentioned in [Section 5.1](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/commit-snapshots/609a3a3c935fbb805b46cf3d90768d695a1dcff2/#interpreting-the-resource-metadata) of MIME sniffing standards when serving files with unrecognized MIME types.

### function `xtractmime._sniff_mislabled_feed : Optional[bytes]:`
**Parameters:**

* `input_bytes: bytes`
* `supplied_type: bytes`

Return a MIME type essence if the content is identified as a XML-based RSS feed or an Atom feed else return supplied MIME type. The function determines whether a feed has been mislabeled as HTML.

### function `xtractmime.is_binary_data : bool`
**Parameters:**

> * `input_bytes: bytes`

Reviewer: In this case maybe it would be best to keep the parameter in the header, for brevity.

Return *`True`* if the provided byte sequence contains any binary data bytes else *`False`*
 

> ### MIME group functions
> 
> These functions provide an additional functionality to determine whether a MIME type belongs to a specific MIME type group or not.
> Supported MIME type groups include *Image MIME type*, *Audio or Video MIME type*, *Font MIME type*, *ZIP-Based MIME type*, *Archive MIME type*, *XML MIME type*, *HTML MIME type*, *Scriptable MIME type* (includes *XML MIME type*, *HTML MIME type*, or any MIME type whose essence is "application/pdf"), *JavaScript MIME type*, *JSON MIME type*.
> 
> **List of available functions:**
> 
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_image_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_audio_video_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_font_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_zip_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_archive_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_xml_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_html_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_scriptable_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_javascript_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> * `xtractmime.mimegroups.is_json_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool`
> 
> **Example**
> ```python
> >>> from xtractmime.mimegroups import is_html_mime_type, is_image_mime_type, is_zip_mime_type
> >>> mime_type = b'text/html'
> >>> is_html_mime_type(mime_type)
> True
> >>> is_image_mime_type(mime_type)
> False
> >>> is_zip_mime_type(mime_type)
> False
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### MIME type group functions

The following functions return `True` if a given MIME type belongs to a certain 
[MIME type group](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#mime-type-groups), or 
`False` otherwise:

```
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_image_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_audio_video_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_font_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_zip_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_archive_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_xml_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_html_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_scriptable_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_javascript_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
xtractmime.mimegroups.is_json_mime_type(mime_type: bytes) -> bool
```
````

# xtractmime

> The `xtractmime` is a python module based on the complete implementation of 
> [MIME Sniffing Standards](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/). The module 
> provides simple function to determine the mime type or the content's format of the
> body in a web request or a web response by analyzing the byte sequences in it.
> 
> Additionally, `xtractmime` provides various methods to determine if any mime type
> belongs to a specific mime group or not. For instance, HTML Mime types, XML Mime types
> and many more...
> 
> ---
> 
> ## Requirements
> 
> * Python 3.6+
> 
> ---
> 
> ## Installation
> 
> ---
> 
> ## License
> 
> `xtractmime` is distributed under a [BSD-3](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) license.
> 
> ---

Reviewer: ````suggestion
`xtractmime` is a [BSD-licensed](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)
Python 3.6+ implementation of the [MIME Sniffing
Standard](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/).

Install from [`PyPI`](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/xtractmime):

```
pip install xtractmime
```
````

- Keep the first paragraph short and to the point.
- Minimum Python version and license can be mentioned there, making later
  sections unnecessary while not making the paragraph much longer.
- API usage (i.e. mentioning exposed functions) is best covered on the “Basic 
  usage” section later.

>>> content_types = (b'text/html',)
>>> body = b''
>>> extract_mime(body, content_types=content_types)
b'text/html'
>>> 
```

Optional `http_origin` argument is a flag to determine if the resource is retrieved via HTTP or not.
`http_origin` is *`True`* (by default) for HTTP responses else *`False`*.

Example using `http_origin` argument:

```python
>>> from xtractmime import extract_mime
>>> body = b'\x00\x01\xff'
>>> content_types = (b'text/plain',)
>>> extract_mime(body, content_types=content_types, http_origin=True)
b'application/octet-stream'
>>> extract_mime(body, content_types=content_types, http_origin=False)
b'text/plain'
```

Optional `no_sniff` argument is a flag which is *`True`* if the user agent does not wish to
perform sniffing on the resource and *`False`* (by default) otherwise. The flag is suitable
for using as a `X-Content-Type-Options` header.

Example using `no_sniff` argument:

```python
>>> from xtractmime import extract_mime
>>> body = b'Sample text content'
>>> content_types = (b'text/html',)
>>> extract_mime(body, no_sniff=False)
b'text/plain'
>>> extract_mime(body, content_types=content_types, no_sniff=True)
b'text/html'
>>> 

> ```

Reviewer: Basic usage should only cover some quick examples that gives users an idea of the capabilities and the API of the library. 1 or 2 examples of use of the main function with the most common parameters (`body` and `content_types`?), and 1 example of use of one of the other functions, should be enough for this section.

The reference documentation should be under a different section, and detail everything users need to know about the API. By the way, for API headers, at least for the main function, do not include the parameters in the header, is way too long; maybe cover the name in the header and move the signature with types to a code block below the header, and apply some formatting to keep the signature readable (e.g. 1 parameter per line).

**(Byte Pattern, Pattern Mask, Leading Bytes, MIME type)**. 

* **Byte Pattern** is a byte sequence used as a template to be matched against in the pattern matching algorithm. 
* **Pattern Mask** is a byte sequence used to determine the significance of bytes being compared against a byte pattern in the pattern matching algorithm.

---
**NOTE**

In a **Pattern Mask**, `b"\xff"` indicates the byte is strictly significant, `b"\xdf"` indicates that the byte is significant in an ASCII case-insensitive way, and `b"\x00"` indicates that the byte is not significant. 

---
* **Leading Bytes** is a set of bytes to be ignored while matching the leading bytes in the content.
* **MIME type** should be returned if the pattern matches.

**Sample `extra_types`:**
```python
extra_types = ((b'test', b'\xff\xff\xff\xff', None, b'text/test'),...)
```

---
**NOTE**

*`xtractmime` apply some [restrictions](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#ref-for-mime-type%E2%91%A1%E2%91%A8) to the additional MIME types for security reasons i.e. users should not implicitly include additional byte patterns for any MIME type already present in 

> `xtractmime`, as doing so could introduce privilege escalation vulnerabilities.*

Author: > *Users should be careful while using `extra_types` argument as `xtractmime` applies some restrictions to the additional MIME types for security reasons. For more info, see [here](https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#ref-for-mime-type%E2%91%A1%E2%91%A8).*

How about this?

> `xtractmime`, as doing so could introduce privilege escalation vulnerabilities.*

Reviewer: “xtractmime applies some restrictions” still seems inaccurate. We do not actually apply any restriction in code. We need to let users know that they should apply those restrictions themselves for their own safety, they cannot rely on xtractmime enforcing those restrictions.
